I just got my new bull from bear the
anarchy and man I'm excited because it's
a bull waiting for for a long time it's
longer axle so it's plenty forgiving
very stable plenty of brace height and
yet it is is it super fast so I don't
know how they've done it technology's
come a long way but I'm really excited
so I'm going to set it up now and the
first thing I normally do when I set up
a bow is get the the arrow rest all
lined out and I normally do that with a
laser so I get everything centered
everything is square and then I
proceeded to to paper tuna
you know when I said a drop away that's
where I like to set it where it's a
little bit knock hi so it it's lifting
it as it's going however if you if you
like to set it a little bit where it's
parallel now I just move my knock point
so now it's it's right in the middle a
lot of guys like to shoot in the middle
have good results with so we got
everything lined out in fact we changed
a couple rest around got the laser on
target everything is the way that it
should be so now we're going to shoot
the paper and see see if everything
worked out
you know I don't think this is going to
take a whole lot of tweaking I got a
perfect hole I might shoot it a few more
times just to make sure but for right
now that's pretty good from all of us
here at bear archery I'm Dan Perez and
thanks for watching
you